so go ahead hello my name is Dexter no
lo love your videos and you're my best
friend in the whole wide world how old
are you Dexter 5 and what you love doing
[Music]
playing you know iPads yeah so what is
your favorite game on the ipad mine
class that's right so we show stampy
minecraft there we go look on the ipad
now you show stampy what you've done
I've made your house and squids house oh
just get towards deep don't end closer
so you get so you can see properly words
[Music]
and there you guys stampy yeah anamika
show him squid oh okay groaning I just
need to do
Wow there you go and you've done
something quite special having you
because you've put stampy and squids
house together and added stampy on
region blue iPad as well really yeah oh
wow stampy was on the page and squid
walks vampy wars um on that price and
squid was on us know oh wow so I just
show them again one more time are you
gonna go inside yes I mean so little
what it looks like inside stumpy squid
has three doors Ozzy ha a ladder here to
get to his bedroom and this is quick
wits there you go east and pig that's
brilliant oak are you gonna say goodbye
goodbye no my best friend thank you very
much